Add an explainer (#96)
w3c/vc-jwt: explainer.md

# VC-JWT Explained

[Verifiable Credentials](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/) (latest
working draft that corresponds to this work item) provide a JSON-LD data
model that enables the issuance, sharing, and verification of digital
credentials in a secure and interoperable manner. These credentials
provide a way for individuals, organizations, or entities to digitally
represent and share their qualifications, attributes, or other relevant
information. Verifiable Credentials are designed to enhance trust,
privacy, and control in digital interactions by allowing the owner of
the credentials to control how their information is shared and verified.

> Verifiable Credentials (VCs) permit several forms of providing security around
> the data model. [JWTs](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519) provide a

Author: ```suggestion
Multiple different methods can be used to cryptographically secure 
content encoded using the Verifiable Credentials (VCs) data model. 
[JWTs](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519) provide a
```

> the data model. [JWTs](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519) provide a

Reviewer: > Before we check this in, I believe we need to describe how VC-JWT payloads can use native JWT claims and need not use JSON-LD.

You are suggesting this PR needs to be merged or closed :https://github.com/w3c/vc-jwt/pull/88

Before we can add this explain and start our horizontal review?

I agree.

widely deployed approach to signing information. This specification
provides the details necessary to utilize JWTs as a securing mechanism
for verifiable credentials.

## Authors

> * Michael Jones

Author: ```suggestion
* Michael B. Jones
```
